Since such a serious injury is healed in one night
It seems that Shen Xiujing cares more about me
The more reiki I get
I have to find a way to increase his liking for me
Today is also a day to love you, eh?
Today is also a day to love you
Mr. Shen, where did you learn this set?
On the phone?
Do you have a second?
Mr. Shen, you have something on your face today
Kind of handsome
It's useless to hand in this mobile phone, I'll teach you.
Practice is real
This knife grows straight
Hello Aqin
See if you are seriously injured.
Is it because of God's cultivation?
He's so dangerous
Why do you have to be by his side?
I have my own difficulties
You can tell me if you have any difficulties.
I can help you.
IF
If you want someone to marry you, I can too
You can't help me.
I can only be with Shen Xiujin
You can't really fall in love with him, can you?
Whoops anyway
I'm with him. I have my own agenda
For what purpose?